# Night Writer

1. We can read a txt file and convert this into another txt file going from both
alphanumeric characters to braille.
2. Want to input a txt file and output a txt file. There should be two separate programs where one converts from alpha to braille and braille to alpha.
3. empty input file -> different empty output file
3a. empty input file -> different empty output file: print out size of files and name of newly generated file.
4. input file with a single character -> outputs the single character on 3 lines (doesn't convert)
5. a. input file with a single character -> outputs the single character on 3 lines (converts alphanumeric characters to braille)
 b. input file with a single braille character (3 line read) -> prints on one line
6. Pseudocode:
There are two separate programs:

night_write: Converts a message into Braille
Get and open the message file
Character by character in the file convert into Braille: one character to a three line implementation
Get and open a file for writing (name is given by user)
Write the Braille message:
  Add each character to the Braille "line" until you reach 80 characters
  Note: there will be a lowercase letter is 2 characters wide; uppercase letters are 4 characters wide, numbers are pre- and post-pended with a symbol (TRICKY!)
  Print the up to 80 character Braille "line" in the file
  Repeat until all characters in the message are outputted to file
Close files
Output to screen that you converted the number of characters in the message file

night_read: Converts a Braille file into a message
Get and open the Braille file
Read the Braille lines (3 to 1):
  Read three lines from the text,break into 2 character wide chunks and convert to letters: looking for capitalized letters and numbers signals
Get and open the message file
Write the message into the file
Close files
Output to screen that you converted the number of characters in the message file


Issues to deal with:
1. What do we deal with non-valid characters?
2. merge into three: what if we don't have a multiple of three
